---
layout: post
comments: true
title:  "On Being Good"
date:   2018-12-07 00:00:00
hidden: true
category: "Musing"
---

It's been a while.

Perhaps reading my old musings rekindled a desire of mine or just got me thinking about it, but a lot has changed since I last modified my website, and in the next couple of days I'll be talking about some of the themes that I've been thinking and seeing lately. I'm at college now, and I've been observing an interesting phenomenon.

Everyone here (at Berkeley) is absolutely incredible. I'm consistently blown away by the sheer inspirability (probably not a word) of the people around me. The vast number of good people with good intentions and dreams for how they could change the world makes me excited, but I've started recognizing that there seems to be a net decrease in goodness overall. Surrounded by all these people who mean nothing but well, I think we all individually (or at least I) feel that we can let slide our own striving for goodness. Writing this, it sounds as if I'm implying that we're all terrible people, but htat's not it. My intent is to express that there exists an inverse to feeling that there's no point in being good because everyone else isn't. When surrounded by really fantastic people, _don't_ tell yourself that you can't compare to their kindness just because they seem so unattainably good, and _never_ stop trying to reach the point that you might think isn't worth reaching anymore.

You can never have too much kindness.
