---
layout: post
comments: true
title:  "Fastrak"
date:   2017-6-22 00:00:00
hidden: true
category: "Musing"
---

My family was driving to San Francisco today and I saw a very interesting phenomenon. We had to pass through a toll booth for crossing a bridge, and in California (maybe other parts of the US?) there's this thing called Fastrak, which essentially allows you to drive straight through special "Fastrak-designated" toll booths without slowing down to pay. It's really cool, but I realized a problem. After the toll-booth that we were crossing, there's a series of red/green traffic lights designed to reduce the rate of traffic entering the bridge, where cars need to stop. These sets of lights _are not_ different for Fastrak users, so they have to wait at the lights like everyone else. The problem with this is that Fastrak cars are entering at a much higher rate than the normal toll booth cars, but still exiting at the same one. This actually seemed to make the special "Fastrak" lanes slower than the normal lanes, because although you passed the toll booth more quickly, you were still waiting in line for the light, and since there were more cars passing through the Fastrak booths, there was a larger buildup at the lights. Thus, my theory for optimizing travel through Fastrak toll booths. Still use fastrak, but pass through a combination Fastrak/other payment line. This line, although slightly slower at the toll booth itself, is much faster to pass through the light, and results in a net speed increase.
